SPCTR-2965: Fix - Call-to-action block heading has extra margin in backend. (#3266)
brainstormforce/ultimate-addons-for-gutenberg: README.md

## Changelog ##

### x.x.x ###

> * Fix: Call-to-action - Resolved extra margin-top issue in heading of call-to-action block in spectra-one theme.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix: Call To Action - Resolved an issue wherein an extra margin would appear above the heading of the Call To Action block in the Spectra One theme.
```

Author: updated.
